I welcome my name is Edwin D.S..
Now I'm going to be the instructor for this course and I want to give you a couple of tips and I want
to you know to introduce myself and so we can get to know each other a little bit before we get a little
deeper into the course.
Now I welcome everybody from anywhere in the country anywhere in this country anywhere in any other
country.
I don't care about your color I don't care about your age.
Anybody can learn programming who matter who you are.
All right.
So I just wrote down a couple of notes here that I want to actually get down to you.
First of all make sure that you're writing you're taking notes when you're actually taking this course
you invest your time and your money for this course take advantage over every single moment there.
Right.
Don't write those notes.
We watch the videos make sure that you know the subject in that lecture before you go to the next one
.
And it only makes sense right now.
Another thing that I wrote here my little piece of paper which is an envelope Actually I don't I don't
use scripts on my courses I like to be natural because I believe that teaching is something that you
have to love doing and I love teaching but I also know that transmitting what I got here to my students
.
For me it's teaching.
All right.
I don't consider you know reading a script in a second monitor on a monitor.
And you know making my students fall asleep I don't consider that teaching so I'm all natural.
And I'd like to stay that way.
And if you have a problem well that's just the way I am I'm letting you know.
All right.
So you first of all I wrote down this little piece of paper here.
You have to like what you're doing because if you came into this course thinking that you're just going
to get that knowledge and leave without liking programming you're probably going to fail you probably
not going to finish his course discourse is going to be a really complete course.
All right we're going to have a lot of stuff going here.
I'm going I always keep adding lectures but you have to like this stuff if you don't like programming
you're not going to finish it.
And if you finish it by the time you finish it you won't want to write another piece of cold again.
So make sure that you like what you're doing right.
And that's that's for everything for your career goals.
All right.
Get into something that you like and your time will be you know we'll fly away when you're doing it
.
All right.
Just keep that in mind.
So another time another thing that I put here my little piece of paper is you need to put in the time
.
I know some of you are super busy but if you go from work and you have your kids or your girlfriend
whoever is you know doing stuff just tell them Listen I need some time to study.
Take 30 minutes will take one hour a day or whatever time you have and just focus on that thing only
so if you are going to take to lectures they make sure that you take those two lectures but you really
take advantage of that time.
OK.
That's very important.
Just focus on one thing at a time.
Don't go and do many different things at the same time because I know that happens to me all that happened
to me many times before and you know and you don't you don't keep.
You don't actually learn much from it.
So make sure you focus on one thing.
So now I know that no one else will and I'm going to keep reminding you in the course because I know
some of us get really tired by the time we finish when we finish the course.
Well by the time we were halfway done.
Finish what you start.
You know even if you get all the all that you want it by the by the middle of this course and you say
I'm done.
I'm I just I can build an application now because that would just teach me it taught me how to do it
.
OK that's fine.
Will finish the course.
You started it.
Make sure you finish you build the habit of finishing what you start that way everything you do in life
you can finish it and be successful at it.
All right.
So make sure that you remember why you hear all the time when you're tired and you frustrated and you
can't find an issue to a problem.
Make sure that you remember why you hear OK.
Always write it down a piece of paper put it on the wall.
Remember this is why I'm taking this course and I'm going to finish a successful and do everything you
can every single day to finish a course if you have any questions I expect you to post on the discussion
.
I expect you go look for a solution before you do that though if you encounter a problem I don't expect
you after one minute of debugging or after two hours or three hours to go impostor in in the in the
class.
I don't want you to do that I want you to try your best.
I'm talking about.
Even if you can't sleep.
Try your best to fix it this way you can learn a lot more and I'm really a believer that happened to
me and it happened to a lot of my students in other courses.
If you keep trying trying and trying to figure it out yourself you've got to.
You're going to be more successful you going to learn a lot of new ways of doing it.
Well right now I don't want you to get stuck three weeks on on a piece of coal that is very simple that
you can't see because you caught you've been coding too much.
Don't get stuck for.
You know I think a rule of thumb is at least you can get stuck on an on an issue two or three days after
that.
Ask for help if you are still stuck take some time and sleep and rest and and then come fresh and try
to look out if you can figure it out after two or three days.
They asked me and you know my information is all over the place you can google me google my name with
the platform that you're watching right now if it's anywhere online just google my name with a class
name or the title of the course you're going to find me all over the place you're going to find my my
e-mail addresses my web sites everything I'm here for you I'm here to help you.
My goal here is for you to be successful.
That is the only way that I'm a successful instructor a successful teacher is by making you a successful
student.
And I love what I do and I love people and you're my student and I want to thank you for being here
but for being my student we're going to have a Facebook group for this course if you want to subscribe
to that.
If he if he helps you if he doesn't help you don't worry about it.
You can still pull your questions here in the discussions.
You can e-mail me.
We'll get it done.
All right.
So anyway again thank you so much for watching.
This is a blessing that you're here.
And we're going to continue with the course.
Take care.
Bye bye.